Phillip Ryan
CS 472
FTP server improvements
11-14-16

Objective:
This is an FTP server implemented to the following rfcs:

https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/pdfrfc/rfc959.txt.pdf
https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/pdfrfc/rfc2428.txt.pdf

About the code:
The code was compiled on Eclipse (neon) using the c++ SDK. To see example run commands please see below, 
the corresponding execution log file output is attached in this assignment as myLog.

This code was built on MAC version 10.12.1 with Elcipse Version: Neon.1a Release (4.6.1). And has not 
been tested anywhere else, the compilation or running of this program is not supported anywhere 
else but what is described here.

The toolchain that was used comes with Eclipse, no external cross-compiler was loaded. The name of
this toolchain in Eclipse is MACOSX GCC. This contains the compiler, linker, assembler.

Here are the tools eclipse listed as used by MACOSX GCC toolchain:
MacOS X C Linker
MacOS X C++ Linker
GCC Assembler
GCC Archiver
GCC C++ Compiler
GCC C Compiler

Eclipse:
Eclipse IDE for C/C++ Developers

Version: Neon.1a Release (4.6.1)
Build id: 20161007-1200

This project and the examples below were run from eclipse, described above. In order to load this project
please follow these steps:
1. Open Eclipse version and SDK described above.
2. Go to File -> Import -> General -> Existing Projects into Workspace
3. Unzip the file which contains this project
4. Select root director as the project folder which appeared after unzip (should be FTPserver)
5. Hit Finish
6. Select the project folder in the Project Explorer
7. Right click and hit Build Project
8. After the project is built it can be run
9. Go to Run -> Run configurations
10. Right click C/C++ application -> New
11. Select the project that was just loaded into this workspace
12. The project will be run as Debug, if another version is required please re-compile with appropriate options
(i.e Debug/FTPserver)
13. Edit the Arguments tab to include log file name and port number
(i.e. server.conf)
14. To run select the dropdown next to the green play button and choose the run configuration you just choose
15. This process will only run a server, it is up to the user to select and run the proper clients

This server was tested with the FTPclient that was submitted for HW 2 and the MAC OSX default ftp client

-This FTP client mentioned above comes pre-installed on MAC 

The server only requires a server.conf file to be passed as a command, like the one attached. I am making the assumptions that a 
FTP client can be run without instruction. 

The server verifies username and passwords through the ftp.users file. A file can be specified by the server.conf.
In order to add a user please follow this form, on a new line enter the credentials as (username password). 
Please see this file for an example, currently you can user only two users (pjr87 hw2, cs472 hw3) unless more are added.

In the attached log file named logfiles.# you will see example runs from this program with the FTP clients mentioned above.

The log file for the FTP client is named myLogClient.

The server can handle multiple connections at once, defined up to 1024 in the code, but other system limitations may prevent
it from going any higher. Recommend to test with 2-3.

Please don't hesitate to contact me if there are any issues. pjr87@drexel.edu